we're here with Mike from t-rex grilles
he's gonna show us some of their
products yes how you doing how's the
show for you guys it's great so far good
the new product that we have it's a hot
new release which is our graphic series
this one right here is actually we call
our kw1 camo print it's great for the
guys that are going duck hunting or I
click the wet the wetlands foul we also
have our whole series up here the
graphics which includes several of the
camouflage prints that we're offering
and also a skull graphic that we decided
to come out with down below is the new
hot thing for the industry is the new
lighted grill series we call it our
torch series specifically this is for
$1,500 am 2013-2014 the great thing with
these is we're answering two questions
one is where do you mount the light and
now we're offering security protection
for light theft
everything's needed to mount that light
is on the back side keeps it all
protected nobody get their hands on it
we also have our traditional billet
series with our logos and this is just a
quick snip out of our catalog showing
the different accessories that we offer
ok great and then you've got another
girl to show us on the other side all
right let's go take a look now I want to
show you our new xri series grille this
is actually something that we have
exclusivity with with rigid industries
we're gonna be running their light bar
that if you notice it's actually
contoured with the radius to fit our
grilles this is form and function so you
get the light and the functionality of
the light and the form that actually
fits the grille perfectly so it has a
nice show quality look there's something
that's exclusive with with t-rex it's
running our x-metal grille and we are
running the rigid industry lights these
should be on the market ready to go
within 60 to 90 days awesome again as a
torch xri series grille from t-rex
you